ladies and gentlemen please welcome
judge Jeanine Pirro
[Applause]
good evening everyone my name is John
highbush I have the honor of being the
executive director of the Ronald Reagan
Presidential Foundation Institute I want
to thank everyone for coming this
evening and I also want to ask if you'll
please stand and join me for the Pledge
of Allegiance in honor of our troops I
pledge allegiance to the flag of the
United States of America and to the
Republic for which it stands one nation
under God indivisible with liberty and
justice for all
thanks please be seated
[Applause]
if you'd like to know how to pack an
auditorium with a thousand people and
near an instance I have the answer for
you invite judge Jeanine Pirro to come
speak
[Applause]
[Music]
quicker than you can say lock her up or
build that wall well here you have it
the Reagan auditorium is filled let me
tell you that's a testament to Judge
Bureau we have had former presidents of
the United States up on this stage
presidential candidates first ladies
foreign dignitaries famous authors of
famous books TV personalities Network
anchors fortune 500 CEOs war heroes and
pro football quarterbacks except for
Colin Kaepernick
but few of them very few of them can
attract an audience of this size so
quickly it's a testament in part I guess
to the power of Fox News but Judge
Pierrot didn't just materialize before
us as a legal experts and news
personality on-air out of thin air she's
come to us as a woman with a long and
distinguished public service career
earned the hard way now by the hard way
I mean the crucible where personality
and character and just plain true grit
are forged in the hottest and most
intense political fire in existence
that's something called the New York
State politics in a state known for its
unforgiving hand-to-hand political
combat and tabloid press judge Pierrot
is a woman of firsts she decided she
wanted to be a lawyer at age six and
never looked back she got her start as
an assistant district attorney for
Westchester County where she started the
first domestic violence unit and a
prosecutor's office in the nation the
first woman to prosecute murder cases
there she was also the first woman to
serve as a Westchester County Court
Judge now while some pundits have opined
she might one day be appointed as
president Trump's first female nominee
to sit on the highest court in our land
[Applause]
it seems boy what I like to go to those
confirmation parents
[Applause]
it's in New York where she was granted
the title of judge for the very first
time
speaking of president Truong one would
be mistaken if they believe that his
admiration of the star of Fox's hit show
justice with judge GE began when the
program first aired in 2011 no in fact
they have been close friends and
supporters of one another for decades
long before he even considered the
presidency or he could tune in as he
most often does to watch her program on
Saturday nights tonight judge Pierrot
comes to us with another first in hand
this time it's the number one New York
Times best-selling book six weeks
running of called Liars leakers and
liberals
[Applause]
it is absolutely worth picking up a copy
and staying after for her remarks this
evening for her to sign it I mean given
this week's new news about the
president's well known and long-held
frustrations with Jeff Sessions how many
books do each of you have on your
shelves at home signed by a possible
future Attorney General
[Applause]
but don't take my word for it take
president Trump's recent tweet and I
quote our great judge Jeanine Pirro is
out with a new book it's fantastic
go get it well I did ladies and
gentlemen please join me and welcome me
to the Reagan Library author and judge
Jeanine Pirro
[Applause]
I don't even need to be this chair
[Music]
[Applause]
I thank you no thank you
thank you I'm stunned I really am I
didn't realize that there was a second
floor here and I didn't realize there
were this many people in California that
I had anything in common with first of
all thank you John thank you for that
introduction and and let me say that I
couldn't be more happy than to be here
tonight at the Reagan Library I am late
for which I apologize but I can blame
other Californians and but I look
forward to spending time here even after
the event is is done this evening I have
always been a huge fan of Ronald Reagan
huge to even is and I will never forget
and I had it on my desk when I was a
sitting da his horse with his boots
backwards in the stirrups and that was
out of respect of course for him and a
recognition that he was a man who loved
horses
who was into ranches but I don't have to
tell any of you that you're here the man
was an all-american hero from beginning
to end without a doubt without a doubt
so as John indicated my friend Donald
Trump who I've known for almost 30 years
is someone that I never expected would
run for president but I'm not surprised
and it's almost as though everyone knew
from Melania to his sister who is on the
circuit court of appeals I mean which is
obviously one down from the United
States Supreme Court they both said once
he announced he was going to run that he
would win they had no doubt at all
and while the press and the media you
know pontificated about this man
everyone who knew the man knew that he
could win and he came to us at just the
right time we would have to be
we had come out of 8 years of an economy
where the normal the new normal GDP was
1% we had just come out of 8 years where
people were working two and three jobs
to pay the rent to pay their mortgage to
put their kids through college we had
just come out of a scenario where the
fact that Isis was out there it was not
nothing more than a JV team when the
president couldn't figure out whether he
could contain them dismantle them or
destroy them none of which he even did
we were at one of the lowest points in
American history when this guy shows up
in his politically incorrect way when it
was a relief he thinks the way we think
he even talks the way we think it's
almost as though he is us and indeed he
spoke for the Forgotten man and woman in
America for whom no politician has
spoken for since Ronald Reagan
The Forgotten and women who worked in
the coal mines who worked in the
factories who went from paycheck to
paycheck a billionaire imagine who
understands what it's like to need
security and the an economy that allows
them to take care of their families up
to that point everyone was establishment
everyone and had planned for decades to
run for president this man just said
like Ronald Reagan
although Ronald Reagan certainly was a
governor when this state was great
he says I'm gonna run for president now
what's the similarities why do people
say they're similar well for me they
were similar right off the bat there
were strong men who had charisma who had
in a certain magnetism who could bring
you along they had both been in fact in
the entertainment industry obviously
Ronald Reagan a little more but Donald
Trump at a number-one show for years
both of them believed in the military
they believed in a strong defense our
president Donald Trump's 700 billion
dollars in the military Ronald Reagan a
strong defense both of them law and
order law enforcement all of the things
that you and I grew up to believe in
what's hard about this
nothing just say what you're gonna do
and do it
[Applause]
I just said just say what you're gonna
do and do it not just do it but we'll
get to that later now both of them were
in their 70s when they became president
both of them were divorced and amazingly
hooked right into the evangelical
communities because people saw that they
weren't talking out of both sides of
their mouth they said what they meant
and they meant what they said there's a
realism to these men they're earthy
these are guys and I know Donald Trump
in a way that a lot of people don't it's
not the caricature that you hear about
in the news this is a guy who would go
on a construction site what a hardhat
and shake their hands and thank them for
their work Ivanka told me that she was
taught how to use a machinery on a
construction site when she was a kid and
she's teaching arabela the same thing
these are strong people with an
incredibly strong work ethic and if
anybody has any question about Donald
Trump and who he is as a man all you
need to do is look at his kids the proof
is in the pudding
[Applause]
one of them have an alcohol problem a
drug problem a run-in with the law
domestic violence problem they have a
work ethic that's crazier than their
dad's and I know their dad's work ethic
used to call my house all the time when
my then-husband was his lawyer was the
fly down to Palm Beach and on the plane
he'd say to the kids don't talk to her
like that you don't talk to him like
that you just lost your your allowance
and we're going I said this earlier I'd
forgotten it we're going to Kmart to get
school supplies
I remember thinking Donald Trump goes to
Kmart I don't got it you know he's real
but in addition they both understood the
importance of the economy and right now
we're at a four point one GDP and going
up folks Ronald Reagan a six he went up
to seven as a result consumer confidence
at an incredible historic highs the
stock market now higher than it's ever
been
animal instincts or animal spirits I
would say instincts for you economist
out there I never understood economy I
was never good at that but you know the
energy the enthusiasm the belief in
America all of the two of them they
shared so many common denominators both
of them were Democrats before they
became Republicans all kinds of
similarities and parallels and what's
interesting is both of them were
anti-establishment the establishment and
the media were after Ronald Reagan both
of them suffered from untruth but it
took a guy in marketing to identify fake
news it took a guy in marketing to get
Americans to come along with him to
understand the the the untruths that
were being printed and in my book liars
leaker
I talked about one of the elections I
was in for about six weeks I ran against
Hillary Clinton and I got out of it I
didn't I didn't run against her I mean
there were several people who ended up
in a primary but I remember coming out
of the dairy and then for those of you
don't know me I worked in a dairy I grew
up in upstate New York which is very
different from where I work in midtown
Manhattan these days but I went to a
dairy and I came out and one of my press
people said to me in the car they said
she needed a there's already an article
on what happened at the at the dairy
farm and I'm like really what'd it say
and it said nothing that I said but they
alleged that I said XY and Z and I
remember sitting in the car I didn't
realize that it was fake news but I said
how can I possibly run against someone
where the fix is in it's already rigged
they're saying I said things that I
never said that I did things that I
never did five minutes ago and that's
when I knew that I was not going to run
against this woman it just wasn't worth
it because I had spent more than three
decades as a prosecutor a judge and a DA
and as John said I came up in the
rough-and-tumble world of politics in
New York State which is a blood sport
and I have the scars to prove it New
York is unique in that regard but what
we're seeing now is something that we've
never seen before we've got a mainstream
media and we've got a Democrat Party
that is totally unhinged what they are
doing
what they are doing today is an affront
to democracy to the Republic to the
American flag and the American people
you know one of the things that Donald
Trump is famous for is that hat Mogga
make America great again in 1980 when he
was beginning his presidential campaign
it was Ronald Reagan who said I can and
I will make America great again the two
of them the parallels are are uncanny
but I think that what this president is
seeing is an effort to create this false
narrative that so many people have
bought into that people just repeat what
they hear a media that has no self
reproach no self regulation
they just do and write whatever they
want they source it anonymously that
like the New York Times did today in
that opinion piece to that letter to the
editor and nobody identifies who they
are and you have to wonder are they real
people is it the deep state who is it is
it George Soros who's paying for this
what is going on is dangerous I'm going
to start with Hillary Clinton
[Applause]
payback it's a bummer
they tried to drag a corrupt criminal
hag across the presidential finish as
corrupt as they come and she spent her
life dancing with federal prosecutors
and no one knew better than Hillary
Clinton about the requirements of
classified secrets she was trained when
she was first lady she was trained when
she was a United States Senator she was
trained wouldn't she was Secretary of
State she had to sign these
non-disclosure she agreed to all of this
and yes she has this personal server and
she says like were all idiots
she says the Secret Service was
monitoring it are you stupid
the Secret Service was at they at the at
the door to your home not at the door to
your server people bought it so you have
to say to yourself as I did why don't
you need a personal server and the
prosecutor in me said because she wants
to do something she doesn't want us to
know about
I can't move around on this Apple box so
think about it when you want to hide
something when you want to commit a
criminal act you have to do it in the
quiet of the night or where there are no
cameras or where there is no
identification take it from any career
criminal you never commit a crime and
open in plain sight so she sets up this
server the reason she set up a private
server was so she could continue to get
millions and some say billions of
dollars in to the Clinton Foundation a
501 C 3 which was operating as a charity
which was nothing more than an organized
criminal enterprise
it was
it was pay-to-play we lived in a nation
and we watched it where American foreign
policy was decided based on the cash
going into the Clinton Foundation and
don't let anyone tell you anything else
you knew it Americans instinctively knew
it that's why we elected the outsider
president we knew it we could feel it
and if nobody was going to prove it we
would do it at the polls and that's what
we did in 2016
Jim call me I know Jim Comey his office
was right next to mine he was the United
States Attorney in the Southern District
I was his elected da all right we did
cases together I like the guy it doesn't
matter it's irrelevant
what's relevant is that he's smart he's
very very smart
he knew the Justice Department he was a
Deputy Attorney General and there is no
way under the Sun that a man of his
intelligence wouldn't understand that an
investigation of a national figure
needed to be done in the grand jury but
there was no grand jury impaneled there
were no search warrants there were no
subpoenas and they handed out immunity
like candy do you know what immunity is
do you know what we all know
[Laughter]
what that I guess you have supposed to
walk around where's John John I'm not
supposed to walk around I got caught in
there immunity immunity you do this all
the time
you give what's called a queen for a day
there any cops in the audience oh wait I
love it that's it
well this is California ah all right
sorry I mean god bless you thank you for
you do military running in military in
air
thank you god bless you thank you for
what you doing
thank you all right so Queen Firday they
come in and they say we got this we have
this information give us immunity
we will testify for you if you give us a
deal that's the way it works it's not
yeah I'm not telling you anything you
don't know they gave everybody immunity
they gave it to Omaha burden Cheryl
Mills they gave it to Bryan Pagliano who
set up the server they gave it to
everybody and Jim Comey gets up and he
says July 5th 2016 no reasonable
prosecutor would prosecute this case
give me a break Jim who you think you're
kidding and he made a fool of himself
when he said Wow gross negligence and
Carol your recklessness and all that he
couldn't really describe it he said he
didn't really have experience than that
it was a state law he's full of it now
he knows that as a head of the FBI he
cannot speak for Loretta Lynch the
district attorney and he says Loretta
Lynch had no idea he was doing this he
lied he lied we write a Lynch said she
and Bill Clinton spoke only about their
grandchildren and playing golf
an assistant DA in my office if an
assistant DA worked for me had a
conversation with his spouse of someone
under active criminal investigation for
thirty minutes I would fire the person
forget about anything else I would fire
him this is fundamental and they do it
in front of all of us and that's what's
so infuriating I hate it when people lie
I hate it when they make believe oh the
laws the same it's not they took the
bandages off Lady Justice and they said
you're gonna protect the Democrats and
they said we're gonna frame the
Republican and that's what my book is
about my book is not just about Donald
Trump the man I know it's not just about
the media and the Hollywood hypocrites I
could go on and on and we're gonna open
it up to questions in a few minutes but
the book makes it clear what happened
there is a deep state I don't know if
any of you ever watch the view
well
I think it's when Whoopi Goldberg said
what is the deep state and who's in
charge and that's I think when the
wheels fell off the wagon the first
segment was pretty good but the second
was not so good but it's fine I don't I
don't really care but it was a microcosm
of what goes on in this country every
day when the left tries to shut down the
right you are not allowed to speak you
are not allowed to say something that is
pro-trump pro-american Pro American flag
Pro law and order anti-crime I don't
know what happened what happened to
America my father is a veteran of World
War two he was on the first ship to naki
sake
he saw the plume he died very young I
have had in that cancer my grandfather
was in World War two also we believe in
America and we believe in the flag we
believe that no one is above the law and
no one is below the law these people are
different they think for whatever reason
whether it's a Peter struck or an Andrew
McCabe or a Jim Comey or Jim rebecky all
of those players Bruce or and I'm gonna
open it up to questions and I'll get
specific if you want me to they believe
that they are above the law they believe
that the establishment needs to be kept
in place the status quo they don't
believe in you and me and very much like
Ronald Reagan Donald Trump has had to
fight the establishment but I'm telling
you right now he is a tip of the spear
and every day he gets incoming incoming
like I've never seen I don't know how
the man guts up every morning it fights
a good fight they go after his wife his
children his youngest child they go
after everything he does they would
indict
all of them if they could and you want
to explain to me why Paul Manafort I
could care less about this guy one way
or the other I don't know the guy they
break down the door at 5:00 in the
morning for a tax case they put the guy
in solitary confinement for 23 hours a
day before even goes to trial and these
bozos are all walking around covering
for each other you should be furious
they all need to be taken out in cuffs
they don't deserve the freedom that they
have right now
and I want to say one more thing I
talked about my dad and my granddad one
of the things that we always had in
front of our home was a flag we still
have the flag from my home I get really
angry when I hear about people like
Colin Kaepernick I mean first of all he
wasn't even a good football player what
is coming up with that who the hell is
he
why is he representative of all this
greatness where he takes a knee what are
you taking a knee for who are you you're
taking a need for social justice will
you tell me the last time you fought for
social justice you tell me the last time
you called your Congressman tell me the
last time you voted the last time you
sat on a jury the last time you wrote a
letter went to the school board you tell
me he can't because he didn't
[Music]
and they make up this narrative all
we're all about social justice baloney
you're not about social justice you're
about tearing down the fabric of America
which was started in the FBI by some
schmuck by the name of Peter struck and
his gumad Lisa Paige all right
they thought they could take down
America and they almost did and this is
where you come in we need you we need
the young one to wherever he is we
didn't if you think 2016 was important
2018 is more important because they are
geared up they are ready to roll and I
don't care if it's a local election a
county election a state election or a
national election you've got to get out
there socialists are running for office
all over this country and if you want to
work the rest of your life to pay for
someone else most of whom don't even
deserve to be here in the first place
then you can bypass these elections what
if you care about what's in your pocket
you've got to get out there
now so now we have colin kaepernick
that's where I'm going I'm gonna do my
open on Nike unless something breaks on
Saturday who the hell do they think they
are why do they think that it is in the
interest of American company to take a
knee and disrespect the flag why is this
narrative selling who is pushing it who
is buying it I don't know it's not just
the left its socialists it's people who
don't believe in the Constitution and
the First Amendment and the Second
Amendment and the Fourth Amendment these
are people who hate America they want to
make us a globalist country these are
people who believe that like California
should be a sanctuary state where
American citizens are at risk you are at
risk in a sanctuary State I'm here to
tell you that I don't have to tell you
what the reality is but let me take
another minute what is a sanctuary City
State County it's where you don't arrest
illegals who commit crime right it's
worse where you don't allow a cop with a
warrant or a Fed with a warrant to come
in and make an arrest so for example
when I'm the DA my guys would get a call
and they would say so-and-so is is is
gonna be let out of jail you put them in
jail and we want to pick them up on a
federal warrant okay so my guys do you
work with Arizona work with wherever
they want Joe Schmo to be picked up so
my guys might even hold them in extra 72
hours if the guys from the warrant squad
in the other state or county couldn't
get there what they are doing in
sanctuary places they're not only not
cooperating and accommodating they are
letting them out early so the feds don't
pick them up
the other locals or they are telling
them a different time letting them out a
side door which then I want you to think
about the consequence then the feds have
to go in to a jurisdiction where the
cops are not allowed to assist and don't
let anybody tell you that oh they just
can't tell them where the guy is that's
baloney
there's a stand down there's a stand
down where the mayor the county
executive or whatever it is says to the
cops you do not cooperate you're in
jeopardy in that situation and did you
notice how Molly Tibbets
she's a newspaper every day every day
until they found out it was an illegal
alien who killed her and then we never
heard about it again and make no mistake
we're all illegals good jeanine we're
all immigrants but were legal immigrants
we are legal we offer something to
America you know I used to swear a newly
naturalized citizens when I was a judge
it was wonderful these people are so
proud they learned the Constitution they
learned the presidents they waved the
flag they thank God they bring their
mother their father their sister
everybody from the neighborhood I'm
gonna be an American citizen today they
swear allegiance to our country today
it's totally different
I'm illegal and I'm here and I want
housing and medication and education and
I want you to give me every
constitutional right and you know what I
don't have a problem with people who
love their own subculture every one of
us should be proud of our heritage I am
every one of us if you want to fly the
flag of another country on your car
while you hate America and burn the flag
of the United States and you then pick
and screen
if we decide that you should be deported
back to the country of the flag that's
flying on your car and you say I want my
constitutional rights that makes me
angry and it should make you angry and
you know what for all of them for all
those people who want to drive around
with the flag of their country and God
bless you I got no problem with that
but don't you dare say damn America
don't you dare burn our flag
don't you dare criticize us for our
rules because if you don't like it here
go to hell back where you came from
[Applause]
don't tell me you hate my country people
go and fight war and Wars and they come
back with fewer limbs than these then
they left America with they live a life
of pain they and their spouses and their
children and everyone around them and
you hate America who the hell are you to
hate America we never invited you in in
the first place
so yeah I have very strong feelings
about most things but I grew up in
upstate New York I worked in a dairy my
dad loved my mom my mom loved my dad
everything was fine I went to school
education God Church it was all it was
all part of my narrative and then I was
in law enforcement for over three
decades and I learned to love Lady
Justice and the flag and America and
everyone in this room loves the same
things that I do all we want is the
ability to take care of our families
maybe our kids to be lawyers like us or
whatever my daughters a lawyer that's
why I say that my sons in finance I
never understand what he does everybody
says where's your son go I don't know he
does something with numbers I don't know
we just want to dream and we want to be
safe we want to practice the religion
that we believe in we want to be able to
say you know what I'm a Christian and
damn it I'm proud of it or I'm a Jew and
damn it I'm proud of it Muslim and I'm
proud of it but don't you dare don't you
dare ignore the fact that this is a
nation founded on judeo-christian ethics
that's who we are
and when Barack Obama at that first
National Prayer Breakfast said and
that's when the hairs on the back of my
neck went he says right after the
beheading by Isis of an American I
forget which one it was Stephen I'm not
sure which one is in my I'm pretty sure
I put it in the book he says all you
Christians get off your high horse
crimes were committed in the name of
Christ
are you kidding me did you hear what he
just said I remember saying to someone
did you hear what he just said he said
it's our turn it's our turn
Christ was behind the Jim Crow laws
Christ is behind the murder of so many
innocent people this guy is our
president this guy brought in eight
years of people we don't have any idea
who they are where they are they were
flown in from different areas all over
the country Central America ms-13 appear
from New York I mean they're all over
the place I knew what they were cause I
used to prosecute them to get into ms-13
you gotta kill someone or rape someone
in front of other members and then
killer
that's ms-13 and you know what they are
animals Donald Trump gets criticized for
calling that they are animals
so anyway I'm gonna do my open on Nike
and I'm gonna save it I'm gonna save it
but here's the thing when I finish I'm
gonna say just do it okay all right
let's open it up to questions John I'm
ready I bet so there's a questionnaire
if what you could do is raise your hand
as you can see we have folks with
microphones and just wait until we have
a mic in your hand and we'll go I want
to say one more thing while she gets the
mic Ronald Reagan has one of the
greatest quotes and I quoted all the
time there are two people I quote Elie
Wiesel who's a friend of mine that I
knew and Ronald Reagan the Ronald Reagan
quote is very simple freedom is never
more than one generation away from
extinction we don't pass it to our
children in the bloodstream it must be
fought for protected and handed on for
them to do the same he left us with a
very strong message okay
hi Your Honor the welcome to California
thank you it's my birthday and this is
the best day of her birthday thank you I
wanted to know I'm from California and I
feel like we're drowning as far as the
politics are concerned and with Newsome
and with Brown it's like how do you how
do we survive what do we do I know we
can get out and vote but I feel like
we're we're such a minority that it's
it's I don't know I feel helpless
sometimes what what do you suggest you
know it makes sense that you feel
helpless because if you live in a state
where illegals have more rights than
American citizens where the Kate Steinle
is in the world can look at their dad
and say help me before they die in a
state where a guy received sanctuary and
came not at that time it wasn't a
sanctuary state but came to San
Francisco because it was sanctuary
you should feel helpless what can you do
it's very simple
everything is grassroots everything
you've got social media today it is
incredibly powerful and like Ronald
Reagan Donald Trump believed in
messaging Donald Trump obviously as
Twitter and the social media that we
have today but Ronald Reagan believed in
the same concept you've got to get
Millennials from K through 12 and then
through college Law School graduate
school Berkeley everywhere that they are
they are brainwashing people they are
convincing people that you shouldn't
have to work you can live off of rich
people's money but as Margaret Thatcher
once said socialism is great until you
run out of the other people's money but
what you can do to me you go into the
old-age homes you know I used to do that
when I ran for office right before the
election right before and you tell them
you tell them you know they have to vote
a lot of them may not vote you're gonna
get that segment to vote you got to get
the Millennials to vote don't just say
I'm in California it's not worth it you
got to stop the local who is a so
list that's what's happening it's kind
of like the the the Muslim Brotherhood
which is the political arm of Hamas all
right I'm gonna waste time on that here
we had too much to talk about but you've
got to stop them because Bernie Sanders
a socialist would have been the
Democratic candidate for president of
the United States but for Hillary
Clinton rigging the DNC so that's the
only thing I can say
you're welcome happy birthday
friend of Donald Trump and you'd love
him and we love him but he's attacked
every day does he know how much support
he has out here you know that is such a
great question and I appreciate the
thought behind the question I tell him
that every time I talk to him
I say you know and and I spoke to him
just a few days ago and I remember
saying to him how are you was it was it
last week and with this book I don't
know what day it is you know we had the
Manafort conviction you had Michael
Cohen that was wouldn't he I mean he'd
say that it you know he's responsible
for sinking the Titanic or piece of
garbage but he I think and I know can
take anything he can take we spoke about
this he said I fought my whole life for
everything I fought for everything and
he said to me I feel bad for my kids he
said I signed up for this my kids didn't
and every day it's like Donald Jr is he
gonna be indicted and then you know why
it's Avant guy it's Jared you know it's
and I'm not even talking about dumping
I'm talking about bringing charges this
guy Muller and the rest of them I leave
that up to you if you want to ask about
it but I think he knows and I say to
them all the time Donald you have
incredible support everywhere I go
people love you everywhere I go people
absolutely and thank you
you know we always have sold-out crowds
because people know that I love the man
I love who he is and what he stands for
so I tell him that all the time and he
doesn't need to hear it he really
doesn't he just says I got to do this
and I got to do that I mean you know
think about everything that he's done I
mean he is he's an incredible president
anyway thank you and I'm given the
message okay I'm RJ from California and
what's going on with Muller and
metaphoric it's straight out of the DOJ
FBI playbook that's been going on since
Enron and the Merrill Lynch wrongful
convictions I'm not gonna waste time
with all of that how can these people
weissman rumor you name them how can
they still be in the highest echelons of
the DOJ and the FBI and in the middle of
all of this corruption
I read license to light and I and I see
what's going on and it's it just makes
me very angry when I multi-carrier my
daughter said to me and she's a young
lawyer she said MA have you ever heard
of Chappaquiddick
[Applause]
and I said yeah and I'm waiting you know
it's as young they were different I said
kick you why she said and she's not a
criminal lawyer she's you know Big Shot
Manhattan lawyer big law firm partner
and she says how did he get away with it
how did they let him get away with it my
isn't it murder and I said well
technically key kids
it's criminally negligent homicide a
reckless manslaughter it's not actual
murder unless you could prove that he
intended to drive over that bridge with
her in the car but but aside from all
that technical stuff I said kinky it is
the same that we're watching right now
when your daughter is going to say to
you how did Hillary Clinton get away
with it when everyone knew and everyone
watch and no one did anything now
the reason they get away with it the
reason that no one is being held
accountable is because of some schmuck
from Alabama his name is Jeff Sessions
and he is the Attorney General
and I like the guys and gentlemen is
Southern gentleman nice guy I don't know
what's motivating him all I know is that
the deep state blue smoke at him and
convinced him to recuse himself as a
result of his recusing himself we have
James Comey you lied to Congress who
should be prosecuted Peter struck
obstruction of justice Andrew McCabe
obstruction of justice tampering with
evidence lying to Congress and I'd be
here all night if I started with Hillary
Clinton and what she could be charged
with besides destroying evidence and on
and on and on all federal crimes he is
the shield the front and last weekend I
think it was I did my open I said I I
was wild the guy issues a statement
saying I stand for justice mr. president
you don't stand for Burt anything you
don't stand for anything Jeff Sessions
you are preventing American people from
seeing justice being done and it's not
because they're Democrats or Republicans
it's people who disrespect the law so so
you say - why doesn't Donald Trump fire
him now last week he said I won't fire
him before the midterm I don't know what
it says to you but it says something to
me but I think we have to win the
midterms all right
these people need to be punished but
they probably won't be and the only way
for you to get justice is to boat in
2018 okay
don't judge thank you for coming out
where are you way up here I'm I'm in the
cheap seats yeah two points the first is
you are a rock star
the second point if you were Attorney
General what would be your battle plan
for correcting the injustice --is it's
very simple the first thing i do is i
revoke the immunity that was given to
all the dirtbags in the hillary there
are grounds for revocation of every one
of them because i've looked into it
number two you and panel a grand jury
and start cooking all you need to do is
say to them vote there's enough in those
emails and text messages and
congressional hearings to convict most
of those guys number three you need to
make sure that everyone is reviewed you
don't just let people stay in a job
because they've been there if you are in
a job and you're not performing then you
get fired
there's no reason other than the law why
federal employees don't suffer the same
consequence and we've got to change that
we've got to change the deep state
and that's what I do yes sir
thank you for coming judge thank you I'm
Bob I'm a native of Los Angeles I just I
have a statement to make I want to tell
you that I have loved admired and
respected youth from the first time I
ever saw you thank you and I I wanted to
I learned something more about you all
the time I want to compliment you
there's a word missing in the language
today in 2018 and it's class you
exhibited that with that Tramp Whoopi
Goldberg you you had you you know I'm in
professional sports and we have a saying
in the locking rooms you don't get in a
pissing contest with a skunk and you you
exhibited that unbelievable and I just
want to compliment you that made me
absolutely love you more thank you thank
you let me just quickly say something
when I got off the stage and I went down
would be had and I had co-hosted that
show before by the way and I'd been on
for my other books but Whoopi it said
something on the stage I don't remember
it exactly right now but she said
something like you know you and Trump
don't care about victims and that just
you know my blood pressure went up
because I have spent my life crusading
for the crime victim the underdog the
victim of domestic violence child abuse
elderly you name it that's been my
passion so I said Whoopie I have fought
for victims my whole life that's the one
thing I said to her and she said other
kids in here all right she said if you
and there were all kinds of people there
and I said did you just say a few she
said yeah
now get the eff out of the building
I'm standing there with my editor from
the publishing house and hair and makeup
and and they're like this now I mean I
love to fight I love to go toe-to-toe
with most people but I'm like let's just
go I was very calm at that point I said
let's just go and as we started to get
ready to just walk out she followed me
yelling get the eff out of the building
the point am I telling you this
is this when ABC ABC and network
tolerates that and they don't even
apologize there is trouble and I need
you to hear that I need you to know it
it's not about the book it's not about
me it's about the left and the media
being convinced they not only can shut
us up they can curse at us they can
throw us out they don't care if you're a
judge you're a DA you're a woman you're
an older woman whatever they they don't
care and that's what we're dealing with
today judge it's truly great to just be
here and listen to you and and as a
clergy person I got to say as a preacher
you know I've learned that what you
can't serve two masters and I've seen a
lot of finances from George Soros and
others infiltrating the churches and the
ACLU and other spaces that are funding
liberals to do wonderful things to just
tear apart the nation and I'm just the
church is used to be a safe place where
we could go many institutional spaces
like the church where we could go and
get good news and we used to be able to
get it from the press and we used to get
it from higher education we can get it
from Fox but where else can we go to get
truth and integrity so we can learn
about justice again for this country and
what we can do but what do you recommend
thank you for the question but you scare
me with that question when you
when you include the churches when you
include the clergy religious leaders who
were being told you know let's be
ecumenical you know ecumenical pretty
much means these days that you can take
the Little Sisters of the Poor to the
United States Supreme Court sisters who
spend their life taking care of poor and
people and hospice I don't know the
truth has to come from you you have an
enormous voice now but you never had
before
with social media and that's why
Donald's from took advantage of it he
goes around the media we've got to get
into the schools we've got to get in K
through 12 I don't even know why we have
a Department of Education I don't it
should be something that the locals take
care of within their local jurisdictions
and you know one of the things I was at
luncheon today and I said I was with a
justice from the circuit court the Ninth
Circuit also known as the Night Circus
no no he's good guy
is a good guy but I referenced in my
courtroom a both my bench it said in god
we trust'
now you can't say a prayer you can't
have a creche you can't say all the
things like Merry Christmas although
with Donald Trump it's looser but I
think that now it's up to us I don't
know how also what else to tell you but
education that's where it starts that's
where we gotta go okay
okay I like your hat thank you
I was watching the confirmation hearings
of Judge Brett Kavanaugh today and how
lucky Trump is to be able to point not
one but two for their Supreme Court's
what are your thoughts on Brett
Kavanaugh right Kavanaugh yeah he's the
guy it's extremely competent I mean you
know come up with some decision that
makes no sense he is confident he's a
regular guy next door you know he
coaches he loves baseball there was a
football what is it honey
baseball whatever he bought a lot of
tickets um he's gonna make it I wouldn't
worry about it but the most interesting
part of it all you know she called us to
horrible the people on the Left have
turned into unhinge uncivilized
deplorable and you know what the more
they yell and scream starting with
Kamala Harris the more they yell and
scream the more we dig in okay that's
what I think and by the way I think this
president is going to get at least
another one if not another two I just
want to say
thank you thank you so much for being
here I want to thank you for who you are
and I god bless you I thank God
[Applause]
you